Hahaha
How about it
Now on the whole plane
Only
There are two of us
can start
your service
Absolutely impossible
I am Qian Lili
No matter what
also the whole
Donghai Airlines
The first beauty
Even our boss
Everybody will bow down
under my skirt
Why should I give it?
You little darlings serve
Wait until the plane takes off
I don't care
From an altitude of three thousand meters
jump down
Don't even think about it
Hello
Mr. Liu
Lili
Our company today
Good luck
Flight S38
business class
Guests in Tower B2
Said the whole flight
buy it
Want to give it to you
Just to win you
Can you confirm the number?
Take good care of yourself
This rich man
Na na na na na
S38
B2 Oh
Bank card arrives
Five hundred thousand yuan
Na
half a million
That's it
The tip I forwarded to you
from my private account
It's turning
How about it
I would rather now
From an altitude of three thousand meters
jump down
Don't you serve me too?
Brother Lin
How could it be?
can serve you
It's our company
It's also my greatest honor
good
Brother Lin
you hate